# PDF Creator

This is a programme that produced by IntelliJ and uses iText7, to take input from a text file ("Input.txt")
and produces a PDF output file. This programme consists of 3 parts.

---

### The project contains:

1. src |-- main |-- Java |-- various Java files (The programme files)
2. a text file _Input.txt_ with example input provided from the instructions.
3. a created PDF _PDFCreated.pdf_ generated by the programme and already written the example output on it.

---

### 1. CreatorRunner

The CreatorRunner class provides the entry point to the program.

### 2. ParagraphContent

The ParagraphContent class provides a data structures for the paragraph as a LinkedHashMap, which contains text and
commands.

**Functionality:**

1. A constructor that accepts parameters and creates a LinkedHashMap, when there is a new paragraph
2. The _addTextWithCommands_ method that accepts the text and the commands for styling it, then store them inside a
   _paragraph_ LinkedHashMap, called in the constructor
3. Methods that return texts and commands of a paragraph

### 3. InputContent

The InputContent class read the input file , and determine whether they are a command or text, then store all the texts
and commands as separated paragraphs.

**Functionality:**

1. Provides a constant that represent the text file for inputs
2. Create a constructor that reads from the "Input.txt" file so that the programme can move between different paragraphs
   and texts
    1. Read from the input file
    2. Determine the input, put it inside the _command_ ArrayList or store inside the String _text_
    3. After storing all the commands for a text
        1. put them inside _allParagraphs_ LinkedHashMap
        2. reset the _text_ and _commands_ for next input
3. The _detectInput_ method detect whether the input is a text or a command
4. The _checkIfNewPara_ and _checkIfReady_ methods check if a text has met the condition of starting a new paragraph
5. Implements the methods that return the keyset of _allParagraphs_ and get the paragraph from _allParagraphs_

### 4. PdfEditor

The PdfEditor class writes and style all the text onto the PDF, alongside with adding the page number onto the PDF and
closing it, the class also contains a LinkedHashMap that store all the paragraphs. It provides all the getter and
setter, all styling command functions.

**Functionality:**
1. Provides a constant that represent the pdf file
2. Creates the necessary variables for editing a PDF, and default formatting
3. Create a constructor to initialize the PDF file for writing and get the default formatting
4. Set the text for later styling, select the correct command function according to parameters
5. Provides all the required functions to write on the PDF and commands for styling the text 

### 5. CreatorController

The CreatorController class initialize writing the contents, repeat the texts to render **at least 3 pages** of content.

**Functionality:**
1. Create two objects, one represents the PDFEditor and one represents the input file
2. Create methods to write and repeat all the contents
3. The _run_ methods determine if the PDF has **at least 3 pages of contents**, and close the document